Asian Guys Doing Karaoke (Badly)
Published on July 24, 2006.
So while I was on Youtube looking for actual karaoke videos (like for me to sing along), I found these videos of two asian guys playing Karaoke Revolution .
The guy on the left is pretty good, and the guy on the right is not quite as good…
There’s something to be said about hearing two Asian guys singing endless love to each other… And California Dreamin’ is just terrible!
They seriously need to switch parts.
Anyway, these videos are the real reason why Youtube is freakin’ popular, so I thought I’d share the wealth:
Greatest Love of All
Endless Love
California Dreamin’
Believe it or not, these videos really make me want to run out and get Karaoke Revolution .
They have “I Believe in a Thing Called Love”?
I must get it.